# sme-sartopo-mapsrv
small node server for setting gps markers on sartopo-offline

This node server accepts http posts and then uses the sartopo api to set a marker on a given map.  For now, this functions with sartopo offline only.  I am workingon moaking it work with sartopo.com.

to use with sartopo offline:

1. clone the repository.
2. run with node . 

you should see:

Sartopo-offline map server running on *:4567

From your application, send a web post to http://your.server.name:4567/point

with json formatted like:

            { logId: '',
            team: '', //data used for marker label (if you pass a number only, it will add "Team-" to the number.)
            lat: 34.00989856554934,
            lng: -116.94253665575694,
            index: 3, //used by my app and for marker label if team is null
            mapId: 'XXXX' } //the sartopo mapID



Sartopo.com

I am working on this woorking with satopo.com.  From what I understand, I need to send the same info from above with:

1. id (ID of the account credential)
2. expires (expiration date in ms).  This is the date of you subscription expiration.  
3. signature (a signature).  The signature is a hask of data as described below:


Signature:

The signature is a HMAC-SHA256 hash of the data below.  this signatre is compared on sartopo.com and if it is the same, adds the marker to the identified mapID.  

 data hashed in signature:

 1. method.  The method should be POST
 2. uri.  the uri is the url of the the map api without the hostname. /api/v1/map/{mapID}/Marker
 3. expires. explained above.
 4. payload.  the geo-json of the point.
 
 in the format:
        
        method + " " + uri + "\n" + expires + "\n" + payload

some java Matt provided that generates the signature:


        private static byte[] HmacSHA256(String data, byte[] key) throws Exception  {
            String algorithm="HmacSHA256";
            Mac mac = Mac.getInstance(algorithm);
            mac.init(new SecretKeySpec(key, algorithm));
            return mac.doFinal(data.getBytes("UTF8"));
        }

        byte[] bytes = HmacSHA256(method + " " + uri + "\n" + expires + "\n" + (payload == null ? "" : payload), Base64.decode(key));
        return Base64.encode(bytes);

I have a java implementation of this from Matt's code in this repository under java/hmac2.  IF you manually change the data:

        String method = "POST";
		String uri = "/api/v1/map/{mapId}/Marker";
		String payload = "";
		String expires = "";
		String key = "";  // a key provided by sartopo (see Matt).


to the appropriate data and run, you get a hash.  This hash should match the hash generated by the javascript as well.  I have nto implemented a way for the mapserver to post to sartopo.com yet as I cannot get them to work.  for now, the following is implemented:

ad the console you can hit the following letters to test posting to sartopo.com:

t = test posing with signature to sartopo.com
m = post without signature, this I use to verify the grojson is correct and I post to sartopo offline. 
x = jsut give you the hash for comparison. 

all the variables have to be manually edited in to code for now. 



